Why are you right again?
Doesn’t your husband dare to be surprised?
My husband is very busy every day. Not as boring as you
Looking for trouble. busy
It's difficult to go downstairs
Not your husband at all. Some people
The heart is stronger than the sky, the life is stronger than the fullness
Even K’s investors can use it as a treasure
Pretend to be your husband. I advise you
Work with peace of mind. Don’t put your mind on these foreign media shoes.
What investor? I understand you are here.
what are you talking about
I work hard every day
It's you who's been causing trouble for me
I'm looking for trouble then
This is called looking for trouble
Just to expose your lies
Why bother to promise to send a letter?
if i were you
A Dong has come to this point
If you still have some spirit,
Now I'm thinking about this and get out of here
What am I doing here? Chen Xunlinlong
This is the people you manage
Among them, I wrote for you, comrade
Sorry, Lin Long said I managed me, right?
How can I say it's him?
How do you keep people talking to each other correctly?
you're right
I can't stand it anymore either
Chen Ding just came out to organize justice
Immediately give many long
I made a mistake and persuaded with one hand